/*
---
name: Quick Start
category: 
  - Guide
  - Guide/Quick Start
---

Tutorial:  
The best way to learn a library is [just trying](https://github.com/pxgrid/aigis/tree/master/examples). Let’s see the following steps to generate style guide for CSS!

## Install node-aigis

Install on NPM.

```shell
$ npm install --save-dev node-aigis
```

You can verify kss-node was installed correctly by running:

```shell
$ ./node_modules/.bin/aigis -v
$ 1.0.0
```

## Config file & HTML Templates

You need a configuration file and HTML template files in order to generate style guide.
However, you can execute `init` command and then you can use default configuration file and HTML templates.

```shell
$ ./node_modules/.bin/aigis init
Created the following files and directories:
  aigis_config.yml
  aigis_assets
  template_ejs
```


> #### Set template engine
You can choose one out of the thee template engines. Specify `--engine` option for choosing template engine when you execute `aigis init`
#### Template Engine and value for this option
* EJS（`ejs`）
* Jade（`jade`）
* Handlebars（`hbs`）
>
#### e.g. Choose Jade
```shell
$ ./node_modules/.bin/aigis init --engine jade
```

### Edit configuration file

Edit `aigis_config.yml` was generated by `init` command and then you assign source file name for generating style guide to `source`.
For example, If you want to generate from `style.css`, Specified as `source: ./style.css`.

> #### How to specify source
`source` field can be specified file and directory name, either ones is OK
```yaml
source:
  - ./lib/css
  - ./style.css
```


> CSS file path for default theme was assigned to `source` field in `aigis_config.yml` was generated by `init` command. If you don't edit `source` field and execute `aigis`, style guide for this theme will be generated.

## Add comment to CSS

Add some documentation to CSS was assigned to `source` field:

In CSS comment block (<code>&#047;&#042; ~ &#042;&#047;</code>), add this comment for generating style guide.

````yaml
---
name: base button
category: module/button
---

## This is base button

* Base button style.
* Use `a` or `button` tag.

```html
<a class="btn">Button</a>
```
````

So, this documentation is really simple. If you want to know detail about documentation comment, please see [next document]().


## Execute aigis

The following command runs aigis, generates style guide.

```shell
$ ./node_modules/.bin/aigis run -c ./aigis_config.yml
```

The following style guide is generated from documentn comment.

<a href="/aigis-docs/doc/doc_assets/sample/styleguide/category/module/button/index.html" target="_blank">Sample</a>

> aigis will be looking for `aigis_config.yml` from the directory the command was executed.

Sample comment for style guide has been described in `./aigis_assets/css/theme.css` was generated by `init` command.
So, `node-aigis` has some examples. Please refer together with this page.

Even apart from this, See the [Document](https://pxgrid.github.io/aigis/docs/en/category/Documentation/index.html) about more details. Please give us your feedback on [GitHub issues](https://github.com/pxgrid/aigis/issues) or [Pull Requests](https://github.com/pxgrid/aigis/pulls).

*/
